Assignment 5
Joshua Campbell

*All art is by me*
*ASSN5 list requirements at the end (Start/end screens, pause menu, TTF)*

To compile the program, do make.
To run the program do make run.
To clean the program, do make clean.

The program takes in an image and displays it, fills the background with a
color, uses the SDL_rect class to fill part of the screen with color. It
utilizes the game loop and game engine class with the additional game
object helper class to run the game. Input is allowed and 2 different control
metaphors are implemented to show off 2 different types of control.

To change the control metaphor:
Press the 1 key to activate the Velocity Control Metaphor
Press the 2 key to activate the Position Control Metaphor

In control mode 1:
Left to walk left
Right to walk right
Up to do a hop

In control mode 2:
Up to move the character up
Down to move the character down
Left to move the character left
Right to move the character right

When in Velocity Control Metaphor mode, Luuk has a walking sprite
animation. When in Position Control Metaphor, Luuk will have an flying
sprite animation.

The Tile Manager takes the tilesheet to be used for the background and then
is applied.

The bone represents the collectible.
The saws result in death when touched.

There are rain particles. Particle and particleEmitter classes are used. 
The rain spawns under the clouds and falls diagonally 
until they go away randomly and respawn at the top.

A collision detection class was used that used the box collider method from
the lecture. It takes in 2 rects and compares the sides for overlap. It is
used to detect when the player is touching a saw and when the player is
touching the bone.

There is a collision response when Luuk collides with the floor. Luuk will stop 
moving down upon collision.

Luuk also cannot go off of the screen.

New components to satisfy Assn5:

1) Start/Finish screens were added.
	-Upon starting the game the player will be greeted with a title screen in
	which they can press space to play. 
	-There is also a game over screen upon touching the saws, allowing the player
	to continue with space or quit with esc.
	-When contact with made with the bone, a winning screen will pop up allowing
	the player to quit with esc.
	
2) In-Play UI: Pause Menu
	-A pause menu was added to the game. Upon pressing esc while playing the game,
	the pause menu will pop up. The player will be allowed to continue with
	space or quit with esc. The game can be paused in either control mode.
	
3) Add textual items with fonts.
	-TTF was used to satisfy the requirement. On the top left of the screen,
	the player will see a death counter. This death counter keeps track of
	their deaths upon death. If the player chooses to continue after game over,
	they will see that the death total has risen by 1.
	
